Updated Depreciated Links in admin-webhooks-incoming _index.md (#875)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/admin-guide/admin-webhooks-incoming/_index.md

Similarly, [Enable integrations to override profile picture icons](https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-profile-picture-icons) must be set to `true` in `config.json` to override profile picture icons. Enable them from **System Console > Integrations > Integration Management**, or ask your System Admin to do so. If not enabled, the icon of the creator of the webhook URL is used to post messages.

## Tips and Best Practices

1. Webhooks are designed to easily allow you to post messages. For other actions such as channel creation, you must also use the [Mattermost APIs](https://api.mattermost.com).
2. If the text is longer than the allowable character limit per post, the message is split into multiple consecutive posts, each within the character limit. Servers running Mattermost Server v5.0 or later [can support posts up to 16383 characters](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/important-upgrade-notes.html).

> 3. You can restrict who can create incoming webhooks in [System Console > Integrations > Integration Management](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#restrict-managing-integrations-to-admins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You can restrict who can create incoming webhooks in [System Console > Integrations > Integration Management](https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#restrict-managing-integrations-to-admins).
```
